Dear Editor,
Thank you for the comments from the referee to our paper, which were useful.
Please find our responses to these comments below. The item numbering is the 
same as that used by the referee. We have made modifications to the paper for 
each of the nine issues raised, although we disagreed with one of the
suggestions in item 2), as discussed below. The details of the changes are as 
follows.


1) Two new figures, now numbered 5 and 13, have been added to show examples of
the chi2 distributions explicitly. This has resulted in changes to the text
in Sec. 3.3, paragraphs 1 and 4, and in Sec. 4.4, paragraphs 1 and 2. These
figures show that the non-chi2 terms do indeed appear to be negligible, as the
referee suggested would be the case.

2) One of the desirable properties of the method described is that it will
"automatically" ignore any functions which do not fit particularly well as they
do not contribute to the envelope. Hence, in principle, every function which can
be implemented in the software could be included in the set used. However, many
of these can be quickly seen to be poor fits and including them further just
slows down the calculation. Hence, in practice, a quick study is done fitting
a wide range of functions to determine which give a poor fit. Such functions
are then dropped and not fit explicitly later as it is known they do not
contribute to the envelope. This is the reason why functions with more than six
parameters are not included; they were found to give no significant improvement
over those with six or less and hence gave no contribution when corrected for
the number of parameters. In fact, as shown in Fig. 10 (previously Fig. 9), the
5 and 6 parameter polynomials which were retained only contribute beyond the 
68.3% interval for the correction used. Including higher order functions
will have no effect on the result unless we are interested in going out beyond
the 95.4% interval. We have added a sentence to the first paragraph of Sec. 4.3 
to this effect.

Using such higher order functions to generate toy datasets is therefore quite an
extreme case, and as shown in Fig. 14 (previously Fig. 12), they do then give 
some bias. However, if the original dataset had had a more complex shape, and 
hence required higher order functions, then a wider range would have been used 
and this bias would have disappeared. This is now mentioned in the text as 
specified under the reply to item 6) below.

We think that the suggestion in the referee's paragraph 2 to add an extra 
uncertainty for functions which were not considered is not in the spirit of the
method described in the paper. It would not be quantifiable and so any value 
chosen could not be defended. This goes against our aim of reducing arbitrary 
choices, as stated in Sec. 1 of the paper. We believe we have a reasonable 
range of functions to describe the data well; others were tried but gave poor 
fits and so were not used in practice (although by definition they would have 
not contributed to the envelope if they had been included anyway). Hence, since
we know of no way to give a value to a "non-contributing-function" uncertainty,
we prefer not to include this in the paper.

3) The meaning of "optimal" has been explained further. Text has been added to
Sec. 4.5 in paragraphs 1 and 4.

4) We agree that the scale for the larger intervals is artificially compressed
by the choice of this y axis variable. Figs. 7 and 15 (previously Figs. 6 and 
13) have been changed to show the "effective number of sigma" which results 
when selecting toys in the ensemble with a given Delta-log-likelihood. This 
allows a more linear spread of the y axis scale. This seems to be equivalent to
the ratio suggested by the referee. The captions for the two figures have been 
modified, as has the last paragraph in Sec 3.3.

5) The text in Sec. 5 has been shortened considerably. Since this section then
became very short, it was merged with Sec 6 to make a combined "Discussion and
conclusions" section.

6) Some discussion on the biases in Fig. 14 (previous Fig. 12) has been added 
in Sec. 4.4, resulting in changes to paragraphs 1 and 2.

7) The first list item in Sec. 4.1 has been rewritten to give more detail on 
the method for calculating chi^prime-squared.

8) The best fit values for the two main functions have been added to the text
in Sec. 3.2, in paragraph 3.

9) The "+correction" on the y axes in Fig. 9 (previously Fig. 8) have been 
removed.
